# Get invite series | Statbot

# Get invite series

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/invites/series

Get invite series data for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**bot** boolean

If `true`, the query will only include bot users. If `false`, it will only include non-bot users. If not provided, both bots and non-bots will be included.

**whitelist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these members will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_members`.

**blacklist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these members will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_members`.

**whitelist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, members with at least one of these roles will be included in the results. This uses members' current roles. Members without roles will not be included.

**blacklist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, members with any of these roles will be excluded from the results. This uses members' current roles. All members without roles will be included.

**whitelist\_invites\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of invite IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these invites will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_invites`.

**blacklist\_invites\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of invite IDs to blacklist. If provided, these invites will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_invites`.

**whitelist\_invite\_flags\_mask** integer

Bitwise OR of invite flags to whitelist. Requires `whitelist_invite_flags_type` to be set.

**whitelist\_invite\_flags\_type** enum

**Possible values:** \[`any`, `all`\]

Type of invite flag filtering to apply for whitelist. `any` — include invites that match any of the specified flags. `all` — include invites that match all of the specified flags.

**blacklist\_invite\_flags\_mask** integer

Bitwise OR of invite flags to blacklist. Requires `blacklist_invite_flags_type` to be set.

**blacklist\_invite\_flags\_type** enum

**Possible values:** \[`any`, `all`\]

Type of invite flag filtering to apply for blacklist. `any` — exclude invites that match any of the specified flags. `all` — exclude invites that match all of the specified flags.

**limit** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Maximum number of results to return. Cannot be used with `page_size`, `page`, or `select`.

**order** enum

**Possible values:** \[`asc`, `desc`\]

Order of the results. Can be either `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending. Sorts by `timestamp` for series data, and by `rank` for top data.

**by\_invite** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by invite with the `id` field in the response.

**by\_inviter** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by inviter (the member who created the invite) with the `inviterId` field in the response.

**by\_invitee** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by invitee (the member who was invited) with the `inviteeId` field in the response.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A timeseries of counts. Use the `by_*` query parameters to group data.

query parameter

field

`by_invite`

`inviteId`

`by_inviter`

`inviterId`

`by_invitee`

`inviteeId`

`by_flag`

`flags`

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**unixTimestamp**integerrequired

Timestamp of the event in ms.

**Example:** `1770359067560`

**count**integerrequired

Number of members invited.

**inviteId**integer

Statbot ID of the invite.

**inviterId**string<snowflake>

Discord ID of the member who created the invite.

**inviteeId**string<snowflake>

Discord ID of the member who was invited.

**flags**integer<bitmask>

Bitwise flags indicating why an invite may be considered "fake" or suspicious.

FLAG

VALUE

DESCRIPTION

SELF

`0x1`

The user is the one who created the invite.

ALREADY\_JOINED

`0x2`

The user was already a member of the server.

NEW\_ACCOUNT

`0x4`

The user's account age is less than guild config value.

NEW\_MEMBER

`0x8`

The user's join age is less than guild config value.

NO\_AVATAR

`0x10`

The user has no avatar.

REQUIRE\_ROLE

`0x20`

The user requires a specific role(s).

REQUIRE\_ONBOARDING

`0x40`

The user has not finished the guild's onboarding.

REQUIRE\_HOME\_ACTIONS

`0x80`

The user has not finished the guild's home actions.

PENDING

`0x100`

The user guild member object has pending `true`.

MEMBER\_LEFT

`0x200`

The user is no longer a member of the server.

BOT

`0x400`

The user is a bot account. (Interchangeable with `bot` query param.)

TEMPORARY

`0x800`

The invite grants temporary membership.

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "unixTimestamp": 1770359067560,    "count": 0,    "inviteId": 0,    "inviterId": "string",    "inviteeId": "string",    "flags": 0  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/invites/series' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

bot — query

\---truefalse

whitelist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_invites\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_invites\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_invite\_flags\_mask — query

whitelist\_invite\_flags\_type — query

\---anyall

blacklist\_invite\_flags\_mask — query

blacklist\_invite\_flags\_type — query

\---anyall

limit — query

order — query

\---ascdesc

by\_invite — query

\---truefalse

by\_inviter — query

\---truefalse

by\_invitee — query

\---truefalse

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!