# Get voice series | Statbot

# Get voice series

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/voice/series

Get voice activity series data for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**bot** boolean

If `true`, the query will only include bot users. If `false`, it will only include non-bot users. If not provided, both bots and non-bots will be included.

**whitelist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these members will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_members`.

**blacklist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these members will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_members`.

**whitelist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, members with at least one of these roles will be included in the results. This uses members' current roles. Members without roles will not be included.

**blacklist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, members with any of these roles will be excluded from the results. This uses members' current roles. All members without roles will be included.

**whitelist\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of channel Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these channels will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_channels`.

**blacklist\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of channel Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these channels will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_channels`.

**whitelist\_voice\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

A separate list of voice channel Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, voice stats will be filtered by these channels instead of the other channel filters. Cannot be used with `blacklist_voice_channels`.

**blacklist\_voice\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

A separate list of voice channel Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, voice stats will be filtered by these channels instead of the other channel filters. Cannot be used with `whitelist_voice_channels`.

**voice\_states\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** \[`normal`, `afk`, `self_mute`, `self_deaf`, `server_mute`, `server_deaf`\]

List of voice states to include in the results. If not provided, all voice states will be included.

**limit** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Maximum number of results to return. Cannot be used with `page_size`, `page`, or `select`.

**order** enum

**Possible values:** \[`asc`, `desc`\]

Order of the results. Can be either `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending. Sorts by `timestamp` for series data, and by `rank` for top data.

**by\_channel** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by channel with the `channelId` field in the response.

**by\_member** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by member with the `memberId` field in the response.

**by\_state** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by voice state with the `type` field in the response.

**by\_flag** boolean

If `true`, the counts will be grouped by message flag with the `flags` field in the response.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A timeseries of counts. Use the `by_*` query parameters to group data.

query parameter

field

`by_member`

`memberId`

`by_channel`

`channelId`

`by_state`

`type`

`by_flag`

`flags`

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**unixTimestamp**integerrequired

Timestamp of the event in ms.

**Example:** `1770359067560`

**count**integerrequired

Number of minutes.

**memberId**string<snowflake>

Discord ID of the inviter.

**channelId**string<snowflake>

Discord ID of the channel.

**flags**integer<bitmask>

Bitwise flags of the voice activity in the data point.

FLAG

VALUE

BOT

`0x1` `(1 << 0)`

GUEST

`0x2` `(1 << 1)`

**type**integer<enum>

Type of voice activity.

TYPE

VALUE

normal

1

afk

2

self\_mute

3

self\_deaf

4

server\_mute

5

server\_deaf

6

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "unixTimestamp": 1770359067560,    "count": 0,    "memberId": "string",    "channelId": "string",    "flags": 0,    "type": 0  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/voice/series' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

bot — query

\---truefalse

whitelist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_voice\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_voice\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

voice\_states\[\] — query

normalafkself\_muteself\_deafserver\_muteserver\_deaf

limit — query

order — query

\---ascdesc

by\_channel — query

\---truefalse

by\_member — query

\---truefalse

by\_state — query

\---truefalse

by\_flag — query

\---truefalse

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!