# Get invites | Statbot

# Get invites

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/invites

Get invites for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A list of invites.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**id**integerrequired

Statbot ID of the invite.

**Example:** `456`

**memberId**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the inviter.

**channelId**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the channel the invite is for.

**code**stringrequired

Discord invite code.

**Example:** `abc123`

**uses**integerrequired

Number of times the invite has been used.

**maxUses**integerrequired

Maximum number of times the invite can be used.

**maxAge**integerrequired

Maximum age of the invite in seconds.

**isTemporary**integer<boolean-integer>required

Whether the invite grants temporary membership (0 = false, 1 = true).

**isVanity**integer<boolean-integer>required

Whether the invite is a vanity URL (0 = false, 1 = true).

**isActive**integer<boolean-integer>required

Whether the invite is currently active (0 = false, 1 = true).

**label**stringrequired

Custom label for the invite.

**Example:** `My Invite`

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "id": 456,    "memberId": "123456789012345678",    "channelId": "123456789012345678",    "code": "abc123",    "uses": 42,    "maxUses": 100,    "maxAge": 86400,    "isTemporary": 0,    "isVanity": 0,    "isActive": 1,    "label": "My Invite"  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/invites' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!