# Get status series | Statbot

# Get status series

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/statuses/series

Get status series data for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**limit** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Maximum number of results to return. Cannot be used with `page_size`, `page`, or `select`.

**order** enum

**Possible values:** \[`asc`, `desc`\]

Order of the results. Can be either `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending. Sorts by `timestamp` for series data, and by `rank` for top data.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A timeseries of counts.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**unixTimestamp**integerrequired

Timestamp of the event in ms.

**Example:** `1770359067560`

**online**integerrequired

Number of online members.

**dnd**integerrequired

Number of members with Do Not Disturb status.

**idle**integerrequired

Number of members with Idle status.

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "unixTimestamp": 1770359067560,    "online": 0,    "dnd": 0,    "idle": 0  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/statuses/series' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

limit — query

order — query

\---ascdesc

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!