# Get activities | Statbot

# Get activities

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/activities

Get the list of activities that Statbot is currently tracking across all guilds.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Query Parameters

**additionalProperties** any

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A list of activities.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**id**integerrequired

Statbot ID of the activity.

**Example:** `791`

**name**stringrequired

Name of the activity.

**Example:** `Spore`

**applicationId**string<snowflake>nullablerequired

Discord ID of the application associated with the activity.

**Example:** `406645798680657920`

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "id": 791,    "name": "Spore",    "applicationId": "406645798680657920"  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/activities' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

ParametersShow optional parameters

additionalProperties — query

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!