# Get channel | Statbot

# Get channel

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/channels/:channel\_id

Get channel for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

**channel\_id** snowflakerequired

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A channel.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

anyOf

-   Channel
-   AggregateChannel

**id**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the channel.

**name**stringrequired

Name of the channel.

**Example:** `general`

**type**integer<enum>required

Type of channel. [Discord Channel type](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#channel-object-channel-types), or `999` for Statbot Aggregate Channels.

**parentId**string<snowflake>nullablerequired

Discord ID of the parent channel, if any.

**isActive**integer<enum>required

If the channel still exists in Discord.

ENUM VALUE

DESCRIPTION

0

Channel has been deleted.

1

Channel is active.

**id**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the channel.

**name**stringrequired

Name of the channel.

**Example:** `general`

**type**integer<enum>required

Type of channel. [Discord Channel type](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#channel-object-channel-types), or `999` for Statbot Aggregate Channels.

**parentId**string<snowflake>nullablerequired

Discord ID of the parent channel, if any.

**aggregate**booleanrequired

Whether the channel is an aggregate channel.

**autoMergeEnabled**booleanrequired

Whether auto-merge is enabled for this Aggregate Channel.

**autoMergeChannelIds**string<snowflake>\[\]required

List of channel IDs that data is auto-merged from.

**autoMergeTypes**string<enum>\[\]required

List of data types to auto-merge.

**Possible values:** \[`text`, `voice`\]

**Example:** `["text","voice"]`

**createdUnixTimestamp**integer<unix-timestamp>required

Unix timestamp in ms when the Aggregate Channel was created.

```
{  "id": "123456789012345678",  "name": "general",  "type": 0,  "parentId": "123456789012345678",  "isActive": 1}
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/channels/:channel_id' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

channel\_id — pathrequired

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!