# Get top activities | Statbot

# Get top activities

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/activities/tops/activities

Get top activities (e.g. playing, streaming, etc.) for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**whitelist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these members will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_members`.

**blacklist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these members will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_members`.

**whitelist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, members with at least one of these roles will be included in the results. This uses members' current roles. Members without roles will not be included.

**blacklist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, members with any of these roles will be excluded from the results. This uses members' current roles. All members without roles will be included.

**whitelist\_activities\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of activity IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these activities will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_activities`.

**blacklist\_activities\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of activity IDs to blacklist. If provided, these activities will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_activities`.

**limit** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Maximum number of results to return. Cannot be used with `page_size`, `page`, or `select`.

**order** enum

**Possible values:** \[`asc`, `desc`\]

Order of the results. Can be either `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending. Sorts by `timestamp` for series data, and by `rank` for top data.

**page\_size** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Number of results per page. Requires `page` to be set. Cannot be used with `limit` or `select`.

**page** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Page number for pagination. Requires `page_size` to be set. Cannot be used with `limit` or `select`.

**select\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

Discord IDs to select in the top query. If provided, only these IDs will be included in the results. Results are not guaranteed to contain all specified IDs. Cannot be used with `limit`, `page_size`, or `page`.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A list of top activities for a guild.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**applicationId**string<snowflake>nullablerequired

Discord ID of the application associated with the activity.

**Example:** `406645798680657920`

**count**integerrequired

Number of minutes.

**id**integerrequired

Statbot ID of the activity.

**Example:** `791`

**name**stringrequired

Name of the activity.

**Example:** `Spore`

**rank**integerrequired

Rank in data set.

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "applicationId": "406645798680657920",    "count": 0,    "id": 791,    "name": "Spore",    "rank": 0  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/activities/tops/activities' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

whitelist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_activities\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_activities\[\] — query

Add item

limit — query

order — query

\---ascdesc

page\_size — query

page — query

select\[\] — query

Add item

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!