# Get top invite members | Statbot

# Get top invite members

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/invites/tops/members

Get top invite members for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**bot** boolean

If `true`, the query will only include bot users. If `false`, it will only include non-bot users. If not provided, both bots and non-bots will be included.

**whitelist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these members will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_members`.

**blacklist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these members will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_members`.

**whitelist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, members with at least one of these roles will be included in the results. This uses members' current roles. Members without roles will not be included.

**blacklist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, members with any of these roles will be excluded from the results. This uses members' current roles. All members without roles will be included.

**whitelist\_invites\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of invite IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these invites will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_invites`.

**blacklist\_invites\[\]** integer\[\]

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

List of invite IDs to blacklist. If provided, these invites will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_invites`.

**whitelist\_invite\_flags\_mask** integer

Bitwise OR of invite flags to whitelist. Requires `whitelist_invite_flags_type` to be set.

**whitelist\_invite\_flags\_type** enum

**Possible values:** \[`any`, `all`\]

Type of invite flag filtering to apply for whitelist. `any` — include invites that match any of the specified flags. `all` — include invites that match all of the specified flags.

**blacklist\_invite\_flags\_mask** integer

Bitwise OR of invite flags to blacklist. Requires `blacklist_invite_flags_type` to be set.

**blacklist\_invite\_flags\_type** enum

**Possible values:** \[`any`, `all`\]

Type of invite flag filtering to apply for blacklist. `any` — exclude invites that match any of the specified flags. `all` — exclude invites that match all of the specified flags.

**limit** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Maximum number of results to return. Cannot be used with `page_size`, `page`, or `select`.

**order** enum

**Possible values:** \[`asc`, `desc`\]

Order of the results. Can be either `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending. Sorts by `timestamp` for series data, and by `rank` for top data.

**page\_size** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Number of results per page. Requires `page` to be set. Cannot be used with `limit` or `select`.

**page** integer

**Possible values:** `>= 1`

Page number for pagination. Requires `page_size` to be set. Cannot be used with `limit` or `select`.

**select\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

Discord IDs to select in the top query. If provided, only these IDs will be included in the results. Results are not guaranteed to contain all specified IDs. Cannot be used with `limit`, `page_size`, or `page`.

**full** boolean

If `true`, the full optional fields will be included in the response. Otherwise, only the required fields will be included.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A list of top invite members for a guild. Returns a list of `PartialTopMember` by default. Set `full=true` to return `TopMember`.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

oneOf

-   TopPartialInviteMemberList
-   TopInviteMemberList

-   Array \[
    

**id**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the member.

**rank**integerrequired

Rank in data set.

**count**integerrequired

Number of members invited.

-   \]
    

-   Array \[
    

**id**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the member.

**rank**integerrequired

Rank in data set.

**count**integerrequired

Number of members invited.

**username**stringrequired

Member's username.

**Example:** `statbot`

**type**string<enum>required

Type of user.

**Possible values:** \[`user`, `bot`\]

**Example:** `user`

**globalName**stringrequired

Member's global name. (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `Statbot`

**nick**stringrequired

Member's guild nickname. (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `Best Bot`

**avatar**string<hash>required

Member's [avatar hash](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-formatting). (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `abc123def456`

**guildAvatar**string<hash>required

Member's guild [avatar hash](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-formatting). (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `abc123def456`

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "id": "string",    "rank": 0,    "count": 0  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/invites/tops/members' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

bot — query

\---truefalse

whitelist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_invites\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_invites\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_invite\_flags\_mask — query

whitelist\_invite\_flags\_type — query

\---anyall

blacklist\_invite\_flags\_mask — query

blacklist\_invite\_flags\_type — query

\---anyall

limit — query

order — query

\---ascdesc

page\_size — query

page — query

select\[\] — query

Add item

full — query

\---truefalse

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!