# Get members with counts | Statbot

# Get members with counts

GET 

## https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild\_id/counts/members

Get members with counts and number of channels participated in for a guild.

## Request[​](#request "Direct link to Request")

### Path Parameters

**guild\_id** snowflakerequired

### Query Parameters

**start** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Minimum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch.

**timezone\_offset** number

**Possible values:** `>= -12` and `<= 14`

Timezone offset in hours. For example, `-3` for UTC-3.

**interval** enum

**Possible values:** \[`hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`\]

Time interval for the query. Defaults to `day`.

**end** unix-timestamp

**Possible values:** `>= 0`

Maximum timestamp in milliseconds since epoch. If not provided, the current time is used.

**bot** boolean

If `true`, the query will only include bot users. If `false`, it will only include non-bot users. If not provided, both bots and non-bots will be included.

**whitelist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these members will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_members`.

**blacklist\_members\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of member Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these members will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_members`.

**whitelist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, members with at least one of these roles will be included in the results. This uses members' current roles. Members without roles will not be included.

**blacklist\_roles\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of role Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, members with any of these roles will be excluded from the results. This uses members' current roles. All members without roles will be included.

**whitelist\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of channel Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, only these channels will be included in the results. Cannot be used with `blacklist_channels`.

**blacklist\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

List of channel Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, these channels will be excluded from the results. Cannot be used with `whitelist_channels`.

**whitelist\_voice\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

A separate list of voice channel Discord IDs to whitelist. If provided, voice stats will be filtered by these channels instead of the other channel filters. Cannot be used with `blacklist_voice_channels`.

**blacklist\_voice\_channels\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** Value must match regular expression `^[0-9]+$`

A separate list of voice channel Discord IDs to blacklist. If provided, voice stats will be filtered by these channels instead of the other channel filters. Cannot be used with `whitelist_voice_channels`.

**voice\_states\[\]** string\[\]

**Possible values:** \[`normal`, `afk`, `self_mute`, `self_deaf`, `server_mute`, `server_deaf`\]

List of voice states to include in the results. If not provided, all voice states will be included.

## Responses[​](#responses "Direct link to Responses")

-   200
-   401

A list of member counts for a guild.

**Response Headers**

**x-ratelimit-limit**

Maximum number of requests that can be made in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-remaining**

Number of requests remaining in the current time window.

**x-ratelimit-reset**

How many seconds until the rate limit resets.

**retry-after**

If max requests are reached, the time in seconds to wait before making a new request.

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

-   Array \[
    

**id**string<snowflake>required

Discord ID of the member.

**messageCount**integerrequired

Count of messages associated with the data point.

**voiceCount**integerrequired

Count of voice activity associated with the data point.

**messageChannelCount**integerrequired

Number of message channels associated with the data point.

**voiceChannelCount**integerrequired

Number of voice channels associated with the data point.

**username**stringrequired

Member's username.

**Example:** `statbot`

**type**string<enum>required

Type of user.

**Possible values:** \[`user`, `bot`\]

**Example:** `user`

**globalName**stringrequired

Member's global name. (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `Statbot`

**nick**stringrequired

Member's guild nickname. (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `Best Bot`

**avatar**string<hash>required

Member's [avatar hash](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-formatting). (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `abc123def456`

**guildAvatar**string<hash>required

Member's guild [avatar hash](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-formatting). (empty string if not available)

**Example:** `abc123def456`

-   \]
    

```
[  {    "id": "string",    "messageCount": 0,    "voiceCount": 0,    "messageChannelCount": 0,    "voiceChannelCount": 0,    "username": "statbot",    "type": "user",    "globalName": "Statbot",    "nick": "Best Bot",    "avatar": "abc123def456",    "guildAvatar": "abc123def456"  }]
```

Unauthorized

-   application/json

-   Schema
-   Example (auto)

**Schema**

**message**stringrequired

```
{  "message": "string"}
```

#### Authorization: http

**name:** [BearerAuth](/docs/api/statbot-api#authentication)**type:** http**scheme:** bearer

-   csharp
-   curl
-   dart
-   go
-   http
-   java
-   javascript
-   kotlin
-   c
-   nodejs
-   objective-c
-   ocaml
-   php
-   powershell
-   python
-   r
-   ruby
-   rust
-   shell
-   swift

-   HTTPIE
-   WGET

```
http --follow --timeout 3600 GET 'https://api.statbot.net/v1/guilds/:guild_id/counts/members' \ Accept:'application/json' \ Authorization:'Bearer <token>'
```

Request Collapse all

Base URL

Edit

https://api.statbot.net

Auth

Bearer Token

Parameters

guild\_id — pathrequired

Show optional parameters

start — query

timezone\_offset — query

interval — query

\---hourdayweekmonth

end — query

bot — query

\---truefalse

whitelist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_members\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_roles\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

whitelist\_voice\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

blacklist\_voice\_channels\[\] — query

Add item

voice\_states\[\] — query

normalafkself\_muteself\_deafserver\_muteserver\_deaf

Send API Request

ResponseClear

Click the `Send API Request` button above and see the response here!